Note that the .bib data files generated in the R-script associated with the various determinants are not included in this repository. These were excluded due to their being too large for direct publishing on GitHub. These can be requested for download from the corresponding author at the following e-mail adress: j.g.simons@uu.nl.

Note that the development of the review instructions was an incremental process, where questions and answers via e-mail between the corresponding author and the student assistants resulted in the final instruction set for each review. This process resulted in differences between the instruction sheet for the various determinants. More specifically, instructions were first and most actively developed for the group threat determinant, followed by the group contact, media, and finally socialization determinants, the template of which was based on the group threat instruction set. The main difference between the instruction development process for the group threat review and the others were that during this process stopping criteria were replaced by a set amount of hours and it was more precisely defined what types of research articles should and should not be included. One other major difference was that only in the instructions of the socialization review more precise definitions of the determinant and inter-ethnic attitudes were provided to the reviewer, and was it made explicit that the reviewer should exclude articles studying ethnic minority to majority attitudes. A  general deficiency of all instruction sets were that these might have benefited from a more explicit defining of the theoretical frame and definitions of the determinant and dependent that the student assistant was to apply. Note that the instructions presented here are stylized, summary versions of the consensus that was reached between the corresponding author and the student assistants on the form and content of the instructions of the review. This is especially true of the instructions for the group threat review and least for the instructions of the socialization review. A de-identified version of the instructions can be requested in dialogue form from the corresponding author at j.g.simons\@uu.nl. 